chore(rn): Add Apple Privacy Manifest guide (#9752)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/expo.mdx

<Include name="react-native-expo-metro-plugin-code-snippet.mdx" />

### Add Privacy Manifest

> The SDK needs access to certain information about the device and the application for it's essential functionality. Some of the APIs required for this are considered privacy-relevant. Add the privacy manifest to your Xcode project to ensure your app is compliant with Apple's guidelines. Read the [Apple Privacy Manifest](/platforms/react-native/data-management/apple-privacy-manifest/) guide to add records required for the Sentry's SDKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK needs access to certain information about the device and the application for its essential functionality. Some of the APIs required for this are considered privacy-relevant. Add the privacy manifest to your Xcode project to ensure your app is compliant with Apple's guidelines. Read the [Apple Privacy Manifest](/platforms/react-native/data-management/apple-privacy-manifest/) guide for more info on how to add records required for the Sentry SDKs.
```
